that what my name is July is what
you know and I can be lohan
about the next update in grand
theft auto 5 online serial to 1.29 in the
new generations and nothing this I have
first like that different photos of
new paintings that you are going to put on the
face if you do not know it in the barbershop
during photo 5 online this one in addition to your
paper cuts and that it podés
put as different paint on the face
and it may be how they were different
negative photos with a look
different
basically paintings on the face and this
I really wanted them think they are
four seem like different equipment
that he would go to Vazquez on the wall and
also that losing a draft of
turn if someone knows sports such as
once they recognize a new symbol wanted
on the east side but I think that
besides, it really seems to me that
american football in that I do not know that you
you throw the ball do not kick it something hard
this day like that ladybugs and for
two sides I do not know if they are going to do something that
nothing that the World Cup does with sport or by
that these photos are facebook but you
should do that everything has to do with
sport in the different paintings and that
they have the face
regrets that something like that
the next ones so I had them for
to talk to him was that banning chat is
basically a pure country so there are in
grand theft auto 5 online is like a
mcdonald's or whatever
and I will be giving a week ago a
concept of truth be a righteousness of
that open this directive or the order there
that this one came out in the game in skeet of
game that are hitting with the return
with the chat broker
This basically a fast food if
singing can truly forget whatever
but it's not open yet obviously
I wanted to talk to you about being against
of game script that's there for the thing
within the version that yes they are already
accessible that are creating yes
let's see with the food and the menus and
things like that
this one seems like his grandmother asked
access the let's see that it's not like
the casinos that we are still
waiting and the last thing that had them here
to talk about evasion supposedly
new contacts that they will see as well as
that the contacts there are and will
recognize that some contacts of these
they have already seen this for example the
meat is I think they know the second
size beats me grand theft auto 5 and the
we've seen already and the one seen in basically
that has no photo and the office that what
does not mention as well as that some call
of heights and different missions
and for me if you're going to do something like
these contacts would be true in what
it would be the camping
of grand theft auto 5 online at
campaign that if there is any mission then it
will add like this one talks or
They were adding different peels
people that help you do some
mission that you need them for them
all and if there is something extra with them
that they are going to really add, I doubt it
In addition to camping, nothing is basically
everything the magazine wanted
new information and just the video as
always the light at day 50 and it
subscribe it came out I still have
facebook a tunnel and a selection tweet
video and is equipped me to
next video goes georgia